# SANTANDER BANK PRODUCT RECOMMENDATION AND PREDICTION

## Introduction
Santander, like many other financial institutions, offers a wide range of financial products and services to its customers. However, it can be challenging for customers to navigate the complexity of the product portfolio and find the products that are best suited to their needs. To address this problem, Santander needs to develop a recommendation system for new products that can help customers discover and purchase the products that are most relevant to them.<br>
Developing a recommendation system for new products is an important step for Santander to better serve its customers and improve its product portfolio. By addressing the challenges of sparse data, class imbalance, customer segmentation. Santander can develop an effective system that helps customers discover and purchase the products that are most relevant to them. This will lead to increased customer satisfaction and loyalty, as well as improved revenue business performance for Santander.
## Objective
The objectives of the project are twofold. First, to develop a recommender system application that enhances the customer experience by effectively recommending services based on their preferences. This will help customers choose the company product effectively and ultimately lead to increase customer satisfaction and improve customer experience. Second, to create a prediction model that helps the company improve its profit by identifying target customers and guiding the acquisition strategy of new products. By achieving these two goals, the company can improve its overall performance and provide better service to its customers.
